[global]
monitor = 0
origin = bottom-right
indicate_hidden = yes
offset = 20x20
shrink = no
separator_height = 4
separator_color = auto
padding = 20
horizontal_padding = 20
frame_width = 4
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font = Cascadia Mono NF
line_height = 4
markup = full
format = <b>%s</b>\n\n%b
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = yes
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 48
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = firefox
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst
corner_radius = 0
corners = all

[shortcuts]
close = ctrl+shift+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
history = ctrl+grave
context = ctrl+shift+period

[urgency_low]
timeout = 2
background = "#282828"
foreground = "#ebdbb2"
frame_color = "#ebdbb2"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 5
background = "#282828"
foreground = "#fbf1c7"
frame_color = "#fbf1c7"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#212B30"
foreground = "#fb4934"
frame_color = "#fb4934"
